make "Peer Reflexive" description clearer (#313)
webrtc-for-the-curious/webrtc-for-the-curious: content/docs/03-connecting.md

When you get the `STUN Binding Response`, the `XOR-MAPPED-ADDRESS` is your Server Reflexive Candidate.

#### Peer Reflexive

> A Peer Reflexive candidate is gathered when the remote peer receives your request from an address previously unknown to the peer. Upon receiving, the peer reports (reflects) the said address back to you. The peer knows that the request was sent by you and not someone else because ICE is an authenticated protocol.

Reviewer: Some minor edit suggestions:
```suggestion
A Peer Reflexive candidate is created when the remote peer is receiving your request from an address previously unknown to the peer. Upon receiving, the peer reports (reflects) the said address back to you. The peer knows that the request was sent by you and not someone else because ICE is an authenticated protocol.
```

Author: What's the point of the change? To put emphasis to the fact that the process is finished when you receive the response?

Reviewer: In my experience, "gathered" is not used in this way when what you mean is that the candidate is created. "receives" vs "is receiving" is definitely a minor detail, and both ways work. Feel free to ignore that suggestion if you want.

> This commonly happens when a `Host Candidate` communicates with a `Server Reflexive Candidate` that is in a different subnet, which results in a new new `NAT mapping` getting created. Remember we said the connectivity checks are in fact STUN packets? The format of STUN response naturally allows a peer to report back the peer-reflexive address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This commonly happens when a `Host Candidate` communicates with a `Server Reflexive Candidate` that is in a different subnet, which results in a new new `NAT mapping` being created. Remember we said the connectivity checks are in fact STUN packets? The format of STUN response naturally allows a peer to report back the peer-reflexive address.
```

Author: I thought "being created" sounds continuous compared to "getting".
But I'm not a native speaker.

Reviewer: I'm not really a native speaker either, but in general when one event causes something to happen, "being created" is a much more common expression.
